EPMRPP-107142 || Add meta descriptions (#989)
reportportal/docs: docs/intro.md

---
title: What is ReportPortal?
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /

> description: 'Get started with ReportPortal: real-time results, ML triage, and collaborative analysis to speed decisions and improve quality with a clear test report dashboard.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: Get started with ReportPortal: real-time results, ML triage, and collaborative analysis to speed decisions and improve quality with a clear test report dashboard.
```
